[Music]
worried about your motor claim
you can leave that worry to us
with icici lombard motor insurance you
can track your motor claim status
anywhere and at any time
the easiest and fastest way to check
your claim status is the il take care
app
simply tap on claims on the home screen
select policy number
tap on claim status
and then select your claim number
our app will show you the real-time
status and updates on your claim
download the app and check your claim
status now
you can also check your claim status on
whatsapp
simply type claim status and send it to
the number shown on the screen
click the icon to reach us on whatsapp
your claim can also be found on our
website click on claims go to motor
claims and click on
claim status
put in your motor claim details to view
the status
visit our website to check your motor
status
with isaac lombard tracking your status
is quick and convenient
[Music]